# vim: ft=zsh

getantidote/use-omz
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/clipboard.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/key-bindings.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/history.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/mise
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pyenv
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/argocd
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/buf
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/chezmoi
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fluxcd
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/gh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/helm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/nats
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ssh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/aws
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/eza
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fzf
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/kubectl
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/last-working-dir
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/sigstore
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/terraform

# Completions
zsh-users/zsh-completions kind:fpath path:src
belak/zsh-utils path:completion

### Performance Enhancement
romkatv/zsh-defer

zdharma-continuum/fast-syntax-highlighting kind:defer
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions kind:defer
zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search kind:defer
